S eron
Complete Welding Support
OUR PROFILE
Ultratensal-1000 Is a basic coated electrode. The
weld metal displays good crack resistance and
produces sound weld metal possessing excellent
strength combined with good impact properties at
sub-zero temperature.
Ultratensal-1050 Is a basic coated and very low
hydrogen electrode producing high strength weld
metals. The weld metal displays good crack resistance
and produces sound weld metal possessing excellent
strength combined with good impact properties at
sub-zero temperature.
2022 Batox 310L Mo N Basic coated electrodes produce
low carbon silicon and high manganese The
nitrogen in the weld metal helps to stabilize and
strengthen the austenitic phase
LoTherme-9580(Mod) Have balanced chemical
composition contain with Cr-Ni-Mo and Y. It is
designed for surfacing / cladding of a new die and re-
building of worn-out hot forging dies.
LoTherme GS-535 (SPL) Forging die rebuilding
flux cored wire suitable for weld surfacing 
reclamation of forging hot working tools where
hardness requirement is 40 HRC
Lotherme OA-618 Is a specially designed for hard
facing on carbon steel  Stainless Steel for
applications encountering severe abrasion and erosion
at elevated temperatures up to 850C The deposit
will exhibit surface relief checks soft and stable arc.
Our plant at Indore is fully equipped to preduce all types of
electrodes under strict quality control All raw materials are tested before
use in the manufacture of electrodes. Each batch of electrodes undergoes
various process control stages and final testing of the weld metal in our
laboratories to ensure the best quality consistently.
We furnish comprehensive line of are welding electrodes. The
range includes a wide selection of mild steel high tensile steel creep
resistant steel nickel steel stainless steel hard surfacing cast tron and
nickel based electrodes. We also have our wide range of products
LoTherme electrode which are specially designed for maintenance and
www.dnhSecheron.com
