S eron
Complete Welding Support
OUR PROFILE
repair welding
The electrodes manufactured by us conform to the applicable
specifications laid down by the Bureau of Indian Standards American
Welding Society British Standards DIN  JIS standards. We also
manufacture special electrodes to meet the specific requirements of the
customers. A large number of electrodes have been elaborately tested and
approved by reputed inspection agencies like the Bureau of Indian
Standards Research Design and Standards Organization Engineers
India Limited Director of Boilers Projects Development India Ltd.
Liyods Register of Shipping Bureau Veritas American Bureau of
Shipping and Det Norske Veritas. We are an ISO 9000-2015 14001-2015
45001-2018 CE Marking NABL accredited company.
DH Secheron has taken the lead in setting up an independent
Research and Development centre attached to the main plant at Indore.
Research and Development activities in fact have been given prime
importance at DH Secheron since its very inception. Our RD centre is
well equipped with latest equipments for carrying out destructive and
non-destructive tests like creep testing tensile testing hardness testing
impact testing down to -196C metallographic studies corrosion testing
and radiographic testing. The RD centre was recognized by the
Department of Science and Technology of The Government of India in
1979. The centre also takes up applcation-oriented research problems to
solve specific requirements of user industry and with the aim of
propagating appropriate welding technology. Our lab has been accredited
by National Accreditation Board for testing and calibration Laboratories
(NABL) Department of Science  Technology India.
Technical service is an important feature associated with DH
Sécheron. We have a large team of qualified and experienced engineers 
managers posted throughout the country to render prompt technical and
customer service Our technical service personnel help the customers in
studying the welding application selection of appropriate electrode and
the procedure training of welding personnel with the aim of achieving
optimum quality at minimum Cost.
Thus today DH Sécheron has progressed in this field steadily and has
equipped itself with the latest technology to offer solution to its valued
customer in the best possible manner
We offer complete welding support.
www.dnhSecheron.com
